Oops, the ancient air is still good?
If only there weren't all that trouble
The mechanism lock is sold and the machine is locked.
What a coincidence
This little boy, let me tell you that our trap lock is cheap and easy to use.
You can't suffer any losses.
I'm not here to buy it.
I want to ask if you can drive this
Good stuff, good stuff, can you open it? Uh, I can't do this.
Oh, don't be angry, this guest.
I can't open it.
But someone can open it
I you before next week
From a young age, he was good at some miracles
It should be nothing to solve a trap
This little boy
Mr. Zhou is our regular customer
If you can't even open this trap
Then no one else in the world can beat it so badly
Hey, the neutron is dead. It's a small matter.
Okay.
Wow
So awesome
Dongzi, you helped me a lot today
So today I will do the east
Let's go to the best restaurant
I'll pay the restaurant
But I heard there's a nice brothel nearby
This is not good
Brother Zhu, I have a family. It's alright
My treat, Brother Zhu
What do you mean by that?
Am I Qin Feng the one who is short of money?